Doki Doki Platformer Club! is an unofficial fan work based on the visual novel made by
Team Salvato, "Doki Doki Literature Club!" DDPC is not affiliated with Team Salvato.

WARNING: This game will contain spoilers for Doki Doki Literature Club, DO NOT PLAY unless you have completed the original game!
Download Doki Doki Literature Club at: http://ddlc.moe


Gameplay -

DDPC comes with 16 levels to play, 4 for each character in the original game.
Monika's levels are locked until all the other girls' levels have been completed.
Upon completing all 16 levels, the custom level screen will be unlocked, accessible
via an arrow button that will appear on the level select screen. Players can
use this custom level screen to load and play custom levels created in the DDPC
Level Editor.

If at any point a player wishes to reset their progress and start over, they can do
so by using the "Reset Progress" button in the settings menu. This will reset the
game's progress, and cannot be undone.

Technical information -

HARDWARE REQUIREMENTS (approximate, this is all really just complete guesswork, this game could probably run on a RasPi):
RAM: 1GB or more recommended
CPU: Anything from the last 10 years tbh
GPU: must support OpenGL

SOFTWARE REQUIREMENTS:
OS: shouldn't matter (some features are only available on Windows 10, however)
Java: must have Java 9 or later, Java 10 recommended

***NOTICE ON META CONTENT*** -

There is a small amount of "meta" content available in the game when running it on Windows 10.
This content involves the game acting outside of its own "boundaries" and playing with some
Windows features to deliver a more immersive experience. The game DOES NOT alter any files or
change any user settings on the device; however it does utilize some tools to start/stop other
Windows processes temporarily. These actions should not have any effect on the system. However,
there are many circumstances in which these actions could be interrupted or blocked by system
permissions, or could possibly be tripped up by poor system performance. It is only recommended
to enable this content if:

	- you have full permissions on the system you are using (not a schoolor workplace computer)
	- you are running the game on a system with decent response time (program windows open quickly)
	- you have at least some basic knowledge of some slightly more advanced Windows features

If you are not comfortable with this you can choose not to activate the content, which is why
it is not enabled by default.

Contact Me -

Questions or comments about the game? Found a bug you want to report? Just want to say hi?
Contact me via email at floober101games@gmail.com or via Reddit PM to u/Floober101!